Students who are unable or do not wish to continue with their studies at the University may withdraw from the Unive​​rsity.
A formal withdrawal must be filed with the University, failing which you will be considered to be absent for classes without reason and this may have adverse effect on your permanent academic records. ​

The effective date of an immediate withdrawal is the date of the receipt of the formal withdrawal letter/form. No courses or grades for that term will appear on the record of the student, if the withdrawal takes place before the University final written examination. Grade(s) for the registered course(s) will be recorded and reflected in the transcript, if the withdrawal takes place after the University final written examination has begun. The rules for refund of tuition fees are as follows, based on the effective withdrawal date: 

Refund Policy
If the withdrawal is effected within the first 2 weeks of the term, there will be 100% refund of that term tuition fees paid1. If the withdrawal is effected from week 3 onwards, there will be no refund2.

The above refund policy applies whether you are enrolled in Term 2 or Modified Term 2 or both. 

1 Students are liable to pay fees upon commencement of an academic school term.

2 Students who have opted to pay their tuition fees by education loans will have to clear the fees due for the term and outstanding loans with the respective loan agencies (DBS bank or CPF Board).

​
Note:
Registration and penalty fees for enrollment/dropping of courses in Term 3 still applies.
​

​The university also reserves the right to initiate withdrawal in any of the following cases: 

A student who skips classes for an extended period of 3 weeks or longer within a term (please see Class Attendance) will be deemed to have withdrawn from the university. 
A student who has not completed the coursework requirements and is not on approved leave of absence (please see Leave of Absence) will be deemed to have withdrawn from the university, if there are no courses enrolled after BOSS 2A (third week) of the regular term. 
A student who has completed the coursework requirements but not the non-coursework requirement(s) will be deemed to have withdrawn from the university, if the outstanding non-coursework requirement(s) is/are not in progress by the next regular term.
